-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.) DUNGEON ONE - "The Eagle"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        -------
 A     |   - K |
        ---|---    -------
 B     |BW |   |   | B | T |
    -----------------------
 C |OM |   - M |BM | K |
    -----|-------------
 D     |   | K | C |
        -----------
 E         |   |
        -----|-----
 F     | K | X | K |
        -----------

     1   2   3   4   5   6

KEY/LEGEND:

X = Entrance
K = Key (whether or not you have to do something to get it in the room is based 
on whatever situation you're in, see the walkthrough for specifics).
M = Map
C = Compass
BM = Boomerang
BW = Bow
| = Locked Door
|| = Bombable Wall
OM = Old Man
B = BOSS ROOM
T = Triforce Piece

Ah yes, welcome to the first dungeon. Now we actually get to do the fun part of 
Zelda, "dungeon crawl." Enter the dungeon, and lets get to work.

1.) F3 (entrance) - When you enter the dungeon, you can go left, right, or up. 
First, go right.

2.) F4 - This room has five Stalfos' within it. One of them holds a Key. Kill 
all five of them, regardless of if you kill the one with the Key before they 
all die. Collect everything they drop, not forgetting the Key, and then head 
back to F3.

3.) F3 - Shoot across the room leftward to F2.

4.) F2 - In this room, there are three Keeses (Bat enemies). Kill them, being 
weary to not run into them. When you defeat all three of them, a Key will 
appear at the bottom of the screen. Grab it and head back to F3.

5.) F3 - Now, go up to the door at the top of the room and use a Key on it to 
open it. Shoot into E3.

6.) E3 - In this room, simply kill the three Stalfos enemies that patrol it, 
gather whatever they drop, and go north, to D3.

7.) D3 - In this room, there are five Stalfos'. Kill all five of them, and a 
Key will appear in the room. Grab the Key, as well as anything the Stalfos 
dropped after you defeated them, and then head right, to D4.

8.) D4 - There are a bunch of Keeses in this room, but also, there is the 
Compass, which puts the bosses location on your dungeon map (which we haven't 
gotten yet.) Kill all the Keeses and gather whatever they drop after they are 
killed, and grab the Compass they were guarding. Then head back to D3.

9.) D3 - Shoot leftward across the room to D2.

10.) D2 - As you enter this room, the door will slam shut behind you. Kill all 
the Keeses that are in the room, and grab whatever the drop. When they are all 
defeated, the door will open up behind you. Ignore it, and go to the locked 
door at the north of the room, and unlock it. Head upward to C2.

11.) C2 - In this room, kill the three weak Gel enemies that are in the room, 
and grab whatever they happen to drop. If you want to hear a hint from the 
infamous Old Man of Zelda, push the block in the middle of the room from the 
left rightward, and the door to the left will open. 

12.) C1 - The old man in here will tell you that the "eastmost penninsula is 
the secret." Note they spelt "peninsula" wrong, adding an extra 'n'. Then, head 
back to C2.

13.) C2 - Shoot across the room to the right, entering C3.

14.) C3 - In this room, there are several Gels. Kill all the Gels, grab what 
they drop, and then grab the Map at the righthand side of the room. Now you 
have an idea of where you're going, although my map at the top of this section 
is far better then the one the game supplies you with. In anycase, after you do 
all of that, open the door to the right with your remaining key, and enter into 
C4.

15.) C4 - In this room, there are three Goriyas, chucking their boomerangs in 
all directions. Get in close to each of them and kill them with your White 
Sword, and when they are all defeated, a Boomerang will appear at the top of 
the screen. Grab it and play with it a bit if you want, and then head back left 
to C3. The enemy is the other way, yes, but we still have more to do here 
before we engage in battle.

16.) C3 - Shoot up to the door at the top, going to B3.

17.) B3 - This room is a walkway surrounded by water. On the walkway are three 
Stalfos. Kill them all and take the Key one of them drops, as well as anything 
else they drop of interest to you. Use it to open the door at the north of the 
room, leading to A3.

18.) A3 - In this water-filled room, there are three Goriyas hunting you. Be 
weary as you get in close to them, and kill them with your White Sword. One of 
them will drop a Key, so grab it, and anything else they drop, and then open 
the door at the left of the room with the Key you just got, leading to A2.

19.) A2 - As you enter this room, be careful of the traps! Walk into the room 
and around the block formation in the middle, to the left side of the room. 
Push the leftmost block upward to gain passage to the staircase in the middle, 
and go down the stairs, to B2.

20.) B2 - Down here, avoid or destroy the four Keeses, and grab the Bow from 
the catacombs. Then, head back up the ladder to A2.

21.) A2 - Head right, avoiding the traps again, back to A3.

22.) A3 - Head south from here, down to B3.

23.) B3 - Head south again, to C3.

24.) C3 - Head right, to the room where we got the boomerang, C4.

25.) C4 - Head right again, killing the Goriyas, to C5.

26.) C5 - In this room, you can hear the cries of the dungeon boss, Aquamentus. 
You have to grab the final Key in the dungeon from the south of the room, but 
avoid the hand enemies, Wall Masters. If they touch you, they'll drag you all 
the way back to the entrance of the dungeon, and then you'll have to work your 
way all the way back here. Grab the key and open the door at the north of the 
room. Enter B5, the boss chamber.

27.) B5 - Aquamentus' Boss Chamber...

BOSS BATTLE - A Q U A M E N T U S

Aquamentus is the first boss battle in the game, and is pretty easy to defeat. 
If you're really low on hearts, use the red/blue potion in your inventory if 
you have either. If not, then just risk it with what you've got. If you have 
full heart energy, you can shoot sword beams at Aquamentus from afar, but it's 
easier to avoid the triple fireballs he shoots at you, and slash him up close 
with the White Sword, for full effect. With the White Sword, he only takes 
three hits before he is defeated. Just avoid the fireballs he shoots and use 
the fact that he's a very stationary enemy to your advantage. If you do get hit 
with his fireballs, don't fret it. With the Blue Ring equipped, he only does 
half a heart of damage. 

After Aquamentus is defeated, go right, to room B6.

28.) B6 - Grab the Triforce from the center of the room, which will refill your 
hearts, and then you automatically leave the completed dungeon. 
Congratulations!
