-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.) The Blue Ring
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Getting the Blue Ring isn't too hard, and it's a useful item, for it cuts out 
half of the damage done by enemies, helping Link persevere in battle longer. It 
is a pricey item, however, at 250 rupees. It takes a long time to save that 
much up, but you have to. There are hidden locations of rupee stashes all over 
Hyrule, but we should save them for later, when we really need them. So for 
now, head all the way back down to the origin (it's a long way, just re-trace 
your steps and you'll be back there in no time at all).

From the origin, go up one screen. Then, go left several screens until you come 
to a screen that has a cave on it. This cave holds an old woman that sells 
Medicine, but we'll go to here after we get the Blue Ring. Go up and you'll be 
near a body of water. Go up one more screen and there is a cave on this screen 
which has a shop. Nothing of any importance there, however. Once you hit the 
250 rupee total we need for the Blue Ring, go up one more screen, to a screen 
with six Armos' on it. Touch the Armos in the middle of the top row. He'll walk 
away and underneath him will be a staircase. Descend the staircase to find a 
secret store! Within the store, of course, is the Blue Ring. Make the purchase, 
and we're now ready for the first dungeon!

Optionally, you can head back down to coordinate G5 before going to the first 
dungeon, and pick up some Magic Potion, for 68 rupees, which refills your 
hearts, now that we have the Letter, from the old woman we passed up before. 
It's a good buy, and you should probably swing by there before hitting up the 
first dungeon. If you don't want to, however, that's fine, too.

Head back to the origin when you're all set, and then we'll go from there to 
the first dungeon. Go right one screen, and then up that screen all the way 
until you hit water. Once there is water in the upper right hand corner of the 
screen you come across, go north one more screen, and there'll be a bridge 
heading westward. Cross the bridge to the island, and enter the dungeon from 
there.
