-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
11.) The Fourth Heart Container and the Monster Bait
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Okay, now we can go get that fourth heart container. It's on the east coast of 
Hyrule, and very straight forward to get to. From the origin, simply head to 
the east all the way until you can't go anymore, to the coast. It's very 
simple, we've been down here before, you should know how to get there by now 
without having to have me explain it! Once you get all the way east, swing 
upwards one screen. Before you keep going up to the heart, go to the cave store 
there and buy Arrows if you haven't gotten any yet. Now we have a bow and 
arrow, how useful!

If you got Arrows already, all the better. Head north one screen, and you'll 
see a heart. However, we need the Stepladder to get that one, not the Raft, so 
keep going north! Go north two screens, and you'll come across an area where 
you can only go back down south, or west. There's a dock there however. Walk 
straight onto the dock and keep walking as if you were going across the water. 
The Raft will automatically shoot you across the water, to a secret cave, 
located at C16 on my map. Go in the cave, and get the heart from the old man 
there. Then leave this island, and head back to the dock on the mainland. Now 
to get the Monster Bait. We don't need it quite yet, but we should get it out 
of the way, since we can buy it in the area. Okay, so we're not in the area, 
but lets just get it now, and get it out of the way, okieday? =)

Once back at the dock on the mainland, head south, all the way back to the 
origin, the way we came. I don't have to retrace the steps, do I? Alright, 
good. Once back at the origin, head north, then west, all the way to the screen 
that holds the old woman's cave that sells the magic potions (G5). From there, 
head north two screens, to the cave there. Don't go in the cave, go up one more 
screen, to D5. Remember this place, where the secret store is that we bought 
the Blue Ring from earlier? Move the top, middle Armor (by touching him) and 
again, he'll reveal a hidden staircase. Go down the stairs and buy the Monster 
Bait from the storeclerk for 60 rupees. Now that we've done that, head back 
south, to the screen where the old woman selling medicine is, coordinate G5. 
From there, go east one screen and then cross the bridge. Head north after 
crossing the bridge, to the next screen. You see the dock there? Go north to 
the dock, and walk across it, and the Raft will take you across the water, to 
the island, which is where Dungeon Four is located! Enter the dungeon, and get 
ready to fight!
