-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.) Getting the Three Heart Pieces 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To get to the first heart, go from the cave, back to the origin, by going 
south, than east. Head east all the way through until the first screen where 
there's a coastline. Only the bottom righthand corner'll have coastline, but 
this is the right place. Kill all of the Lynels so that there is no 
disturbance, except from the Zola in the water. Equip the bombs to the A button 
and bomb the wall to the left of the path leading up. When you bomb this area, 
a cave will appear. Enter the cave, and the old man will offer you a heart 
container or a Red Potion. Of course, take the heart container.

From this location (H12), head north along the path all the way 'til you get to 
the desert region, and you can't go north anymore. Along your way, kill or 
avoid the Goriyas, it's up to you. When you get to the desert regions, Lynels 
and Peahats are all over the place, so kill them to rack up some rupees. When 
you reach the deadend heading north, go right one screen, to coordinate C13. 
Kill the four Tektites in the area to free the area of any annoyances, and 
approach the large rock formation in the middle of the screen. Bomb the lower 
righthand side of the formation, and a cave entrance will appear. Again, enter 
it and choose the Heart Container from the old man, which now gives us five 
hearts. One more to get!

Okay, now, the third heart that we need to get. From the origin, go right one 
screen, and then head up all the way until you reach a screen which has water 
in the upper right hand corner. This is at coordinate E9. From here, head right 
one screen (E8), where there'll be water at the top of the screen and you'll be 
on a short passageway which only heads horizontally along the screen. From the 
right, where you enter the screen, count over five bushes. Stand back from the 
bush, and use the Blue Candle on it, to burn it away, which will reveal a 
hidden staircase. Descend the staircase, and take the heart from the old man, 
which now gives us six hearts! Woohah! Alright, now to take care of some other 
business.
