-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.) Getting the White Sword and the Magic Shield 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yes, we can already update our weapon and armor situation, and we haven't even 
hit the first dungeon yet! The deal is, we need six hearts to get the White 
Sword, which is twice as strong as the Wooden Sword we have equipped on Link 
now. Well, now that we have six hearts, we can get the White Sword, so lets do 
so now, shall we?

From the screen where we got the heart piece just before, at coordinate E8, 
head right to E9, and then go up one screen, past the bridge heading west, and 
up another screen. You'll be in a place filled with pesky Peahats, which you 
can only kill when they are perfectly still, so don't waste your time. Instead, 
head left from here, then up on the next screen, avoiding more Peahats. You'll 
be in the Death Mountain region now, which is dangerous, with all of the 
falling Rocks. Move quickly and avoid them the best you can... they do massive 
damage, and can't be harmed or hindered by any weapon. Shoot right a few 
screens until you get to a screen which has a staircase leading into Death 
Mountain. Kill the Tektites on this screen and go up the stairs. Here, there'll 
be a pond in the middle of the screen, with a Zola in it, and a Blue Lynel 
patrolling around it. Kill or avoid the Lynel (they do a lot of damage, so be 
careful!), and enter the cave there. Talk to the old man and he'll give you the 
White Sword! Now to get the Magic Shield. 

At coordinate G16, there's a place that sells the Magic Shield for 130, but we 
can get it for 40 rupees cheaper somewhere else... you just have to know where 
to look. From the cave where you just got the White Sword, head back down the 
stairs, and then head back west, then south, back to the origin. From the 
origin, head west one screen, then north one screen, then west again, then 
north again, and then, finally, east. You should come out in a screen that has 
some bushes in the center area of the screen. Have the Blue Candle equipped, 
and make sure you have 90 rupees. If you don't have 90 rupees, run around and 
fight some enemies until you do. Once that goal is reached, head north one more 
screen, and burn the bush that's on the corner of the bushes going horizontally 
and vertically, along the pathway. Enter the hidden stairway that is revealed, 
and purchase the Magic Shield from the merchant, for 90 rupees! Sweet deal!

Now, there are only a few more things we need to do. First, lets get the 
Letter.
